description of todo.txt format in plain text (#68)
todotxt/todo.txt: README.md

## `todo.txt` format rules

```
┌─────────────────── Optional - Marks completion 
│  ┌──────────────── Optional - Marks priority 
│  │      ┌─────────────── Optional - Completion date 
│  │      │          ┌──── Optional - Creation date
│  │      │          │     (must be specified if completion date is)

> │  │      │          │             ┌─── Description. Tags (optional)
> │  │      │          │             │    can be placed anywhere in here 

Reviewer: Great job, this is very comprehensive and easy to read :)

The description and tags part is the only one that wasn't immediately obvious to me. How about something like this?

```suggestion
│  │      │          │             ┌─── Mandatory - Description
│  │      │          │             │    Tags (optional) can be placed anywhere within it.
```

I think it makes it slightly clearer.

Author: Excellent!

> │  │      │          │             ┌─── Mandatory - Description
> │  │      │          │             │    Tags (optional) can be placed anywhere within it.
> │  │  ╭───┴───╮  ╭───┴───╮  ╭──────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────╮
> x (A) 2016-05-20 2016-04-30 measure space for +chapelShelving @chapel due:2016-05-30

Reviewer: Three additional (minor) suggestions:

- Move the line pointing up from the "Description" field a bit to the left, so the explanatory text doesn't extend past the diagram;
- Use angled corners instead of rounded corners, to match the rest of the diagram
- Expand the first two ranges so they cover the entire dates (currently they don't include the final digit, for some reason) 

```suggestion
│  │      │          │        ┌─── Mandatory - Description
│  │      │          │        │    Tags (optional) can be placed anywhere within it.
│  │  ┌───┴────┐ ┌───┴────┐ ┌─┴────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
x (A) 2016-05-20 2016-04-30 measure space for +chapelShelving @chapel due:2016-05-30
```

Finally, I'd recommend removing the end-of-line whitespace on lines 43, 44, 45 and 52.

Author: Sensible changes

                                              └──────┬──────┘ └──┬──┘ └──────┬─────┘       
                                    project tag ─────┘           │           │
                                    context tag ─────────────────┘           │

>                                     special keyvalue tag ────────────────────┘

Reviewer: It's more common to spell this as "key-value" (with a hyphen):

```suggestion
                                    special key-value tag ───────────────────┘
```

Reviewer: Also, I would suggest using a word other than "special", which implies that there's a limited set of valid such tags, whereas this is actually the opposite. Something like "arbitrary" would convey the meaning more clearly, IMO.
